build(hb): add circle ci example (#18084)
docker/docs: content/build/hydrobuild.md

architectures by default. This gives you a high-performance build cluster for
building multi-platform images natively.

You can omit the `cloud://` protocol prefix from the endpoint when you create a
builder using the `cloud` driver.

### Create a builder

1. Sign in to your Docker ID using the Docker Desktop UI or the `docker login`
   command.

2. Create a builder that uses the `cloud` driver.

   ```console
   $ docker buildx create --driver cloud <org>/default
   ```

   Replace `<org>` with the Docker organization.

   This creates a builder named `cloud-<org>-default`.

## Use Hydrobuild from the CLI

To run a build using Hydrobuild, invoke a build command and specify the
name of the builder using the `--builder` flag.

```console
$ docker buildx build --builder cloud-<org>-default --tag <org>/<image> .
```

> **Note**
>
> Building with `--tag` loads the build result to the local image store
> automatically when the build finishes. To build without a tag and load the
> result, you must pass the `--load` flag.
>
> If you use the containerd image store, you must always pass `--load` to
> download the results, even if you build with a tag.

> To build a multi-platform image and push it to a registry:

Reviewer: Not sure if we should specify that pushing to a registry is the only supported way to build multi platform images?

        uses: docker/build-push-action@v4
        with:
          context: .
          tags: "<org>/<image>"
          # For pull requests, export results to the build cache.
          # Otherwise, push to a registry.
          outputs: ${{ github.event_name == 'pull_request' && 'type=cacheonly' || 'type=registry,push=true' }}
```

{{< /tab >}}
{{< tab name="CircleCI" >}}

```yaml
version: 2.1

jobs:
  # Build multi-platform image and push to a registry
  build_push:
    machine:
      image: ubuntu-2204:current
    steps:
      - checkout

      - run: |
          mkdir -vp ~/.docker/cli-plugins/
          ARCH=amd64
          BUILDX_URL=$(curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docker/actions-toolkit/main/.github/buildx-lab-releases.json | jq -r ".latest.assets[] | select(endswith(\"linux-$ARCH\"))")
          curl --silent -L --output ~/.docker/cli-plugins/docker-buildx $BUILDX_URL
          chmod a+x ~/.docker/cli-plugins/docker-buildx

      - run: echo "$DOCKER_PASS" | docker login --username $DOCKER_USER --password-stdin

>       - run: docker buildx create --use --driver cloud --use "<org>/<group>"

Reviewer 2: Can remove the duplicate `--use`

        uses: docker/build-push-action@v4
        with:
          context: .
          tags: "<org>/<image>"

>           # if this runs in a pull request, export results to build cache
>           outputs: ${{ github.event_name == 'pull_request' && 'type=cacheonly' || '' }}
>           # if this doesn't run in a pull request, push to a registry
>           push: ${{ github.event_name != 'pull_request' }}

Reviewer 3: You can just use the `outputs` input:

```suggestion
          # if this runs in a pull request, export results to build cache, otherwise push to registry
          outputs: ${{ github.event_name == 'pull_request' && 'type=cacheonly' || 'type=registry,push=true' }}
```

Not sure why you need to set `type=cacheonly` though. Just the following should work:

```suggestion
          push: ${{ github.event_name != 'pull_request' }}
```

Reviewer 2: I assume the reason for the cacheonly is because if it's got a `tag` then it does a `load` by default which isn't wanted here?

Author: Correct, this is to avoid `load` for tagged pull request builds. I can change this to use `outputs` instead if that's more readable.

Reviewer 3: > I assume the reason for the cacheonly is because if it's got a `tag` then it does a `load` by default which isn't wanted here?

Hum if that's the case it's not consistent with other remote drivers (container, remote, kubernetes)

Author: True. The automatic pull for tags in unique for this driver, and only for tagged images.

Reviewer: Indeed, the default load was added in order to facilitate inner loop flows (which was the primary focus of cloud builds when we started) which has this side effect - we need to opt out explicitly.

        uses: docker/build-push-action@v4
        with:
          context: .
          tags: user/app:latest
          # if this runs in a pull request, export results to build cache
          outputs: ${{ github.event_name == 'pull_request' && 'type=cacheonly' || '' }}
          # if this doesn't run in a pull request, push to a registry
          push: ${{ github.event_name != 'pull_request' }}
```

This invokes the build from a GitHub Actions workflow, runs the build on
Hydrobuild, and pushes the image to a Docker Hub registry.

{{< /tab >}}
{{< tab name="Circle CI" >}}

```yaml
version: 2.1

jobs:
  setup:
    docker:
      - image: cimg/base:2023.08
    steps:
      - run: mkdir -vp ~/.docker/cli-plugins/
      - run: curl --silent -L --output ~/.docker/cli-plugins/docker-buildx https://github.com/docker/buildx-desktop/releases/download/v0.11.2-desktop.4/buildx-v0.11.2-desktop.4.linux-amd64
      - run: chmod a+x ~/.docker/cli-plugins/docker-buildx

      - run: echo "$DOCKER_PASS" | docker login --username $DOCKER_USER --password-stdin

>       - run: docker buildx create --use --driver cloud --name ripc-builder ripc/blazers

Reviewer 2: Remove `--name ripc-builder` as `--use` will make it default
Change `ripc/blazers` to `<org>/<group>` to match the generic placeholders in GHA example

the builder using the `docker buildx rm` command.

```console

> $ docker buildx rm cloud-<org>-default

Reviewer 4: Right now we only have `default` builder's name, but as soon as an account will have multiple builders, having `default` here won't be be true anymore. That said, I guess it's ok to keep it for the time being.
